docs: discoverability of chromium switches (#44947)
electron/electron: docs/api/command-line-switches.md

The default is `verbatim` and `dns.setDefaultResultOrder()` have higher priority than `--dns-result-order`.

## Chromium Flags

> While a list of all available Chromium switches doesn't exist, there are a few ways of discovering them.
> 
> The easiest method is Chromium's flags, via `about://flags`, while those flags don't translate 1:1 to their switch names, they are listed in the process's Command Line argument.
> 
> You can enable a flag, then navigate to `about://version` in your Chromium browser, where you can find the list of Command Line arguments. There you can find `--flag-switches-begin --your --list --of --switches --flag-switches-end`.
> 
> While most flags are an argument to `--enable-features=`, some are standalone, such as `--enable-experimental-web-platform-features` some of which can be found at https://peter.sh/experiments/chromium-command-line-switches/. That list however is not version locked and non-exhaustive.
> 
> Do note that many standalone switches can be split up into individual features, so this list is non-exhaustive as well.
> 
> While adding Chromium switches, make sure the Chromium version of Electron and the browser you're discovering said flags on are the same.

Reviewer: The wording here is a bit unclear - can we clean it up a little bit? Also, I don't think we should reference an arbitrary list on another website as it can quickly get out of date. We could potentially instead link to [Chromium's flag metadata page](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:chrome/browser/flag-metadata.json)?

```suggestion
There isn't a documented list of all Chromium switches, but there are a few ways to find them.

The easiest way is through Google Chrome's flags page, which you can access at `about://flags`. These flags don't directly match switch names, but they show up in the process's command-line arguments.

To see these arguments, enable a flag in` about://flags`, then go to about://version` in Google Chrome. You'll find a list of command-line arguments, including something like `--flag-switches-begin --your --list --of --switches --flag-switches-end`.

Most flags are included as part of `--enable-features=`, but some are standalone switches, like `--enable-experimental-web-platform-features`.

Keep in mind that standalone switches can sometimes be split into individual features, so there's no fully complete list of switches.

Finally, you'll need to ensure make sure the version of Chromium in Electron matches the version of the browser you're using to cross-reference the flags.
```

Author: > through Google Chrome's flags

I don't agree with this, I bet there will be some account or chrome related flags which don't exist in chromium, but do in chrome, and by relation dont exist in electron

Author: > including something like

introduces ambiguity, this is unnecessary, as this is consistent, not a "maybe"

Reviewer: @ThaUnknown you're correct, that was an error on my part. I've corrected it in my suggestion.

Author: I agree my wording is.... incosistent, as I tried to keep it in impersonal form, but the suggested edit is also quite... inconsistent?

I added the "3rd party website" at the suggestion of another electron org member, I also don't believe it should be there.

Author: @codebytere how about this? it's still not exactly what you suggested, I think people might be confused by the "flags vs switches", flags are switches but switches arent flags, there's no list of all switches, but there is a list of flags... for example --inspect-port is a switch, but not a flag

[play-silent-audio]: https://github.com/atom/atom/pull/9485/files
[ready]: app.md#event-ready
[severities]: https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:base/logging.h?q=logging::LogSeverity&ss=chromium

> ## Chromium Flags

Author: fixed

While a list of all available Chromium switches doesn't exist, there are a few ways of discovering them.

The easiest method is Chromium's flags, via `about://flags`, while those flags don't translate 1:1 to their switch names, they are listed in the process's Command Line argument.

You can enable a flag, then navigate to `about://version` in your Chromium browser, where you can find the list of Command Line arguments. There you can find `--flag-switches-begin --your --list --of --switches --flag-switches-end`.

> While most flags are an argument to `--enable-features=`, some are standalone, such as `--enable-experimental-web-platform-features`. Do note that many switches can be split up into individual features, so this list is non-exhaustive.

Reviewer 2: The Chromium developer docs lists https://peter.sh/experiments/chromium-command-line-switches/ as a non-exhaustive list to reference.

Author: fixed

## Chromium Flags

There isn't a documented list of all Chromium switches, but there are a few ways to find them.

The easiest way is through Chromium's flags page, which you can access at `about://flags`. These flags don't directly match switch names, but they show up in the process's command-line arguments.

To see these arguments, enable a flag in `about://flags`, then go to `about://version` in Chromium. You'll find a list of command-line arguments, including `--flag-switches-begin --your --list --flag-switches-end`, which contains the list of your flag enabled switches.

Most flags are included as part of `--enable-features=`, but some are standalone switches, like `--enable-experimental-web-platform-features`.

A complete list of flags exists in [Chromium's flag metadata page](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:chrome/browser/flag-metadata.json), but this list includes platform, environment and GPU specific, expired and potentially non-functional flags, so many of them might not always work in every situation.

Keep in mind that standalone switches can sometimes be split into individual features, so there's no fully complete list of switches.

> Finally, you'll need to ensure make sure the version of Chromium in Electron matches the version of the browser you're using to cross-reference the switches.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Finally, you'll need to ensure that the version of Chromium in Electron matches the version of the browser you're using to cross-reference the switches.
```
